New How-To chapter (#100)
pyansys/dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/continuous-integration.rst

Using Continuous Integration
============================

> Continuous Integration (CI) is the process of merging new changes into the main
> code-base while making sure these are functional and do not break the existing
> logic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Integration (CI) is the process of merging new changes into the main
code base while ensuring that these changes are functional and do not break the existing
logic. 
```

> This process is automated as much as possible to alleviate developer's workload
> and ensuring a quick development workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process is automated as much as possible to alleviate the developer's workload
and ensure a quick development workflow.
```

> Since ``PyAnsys`` projects are hosted in `GitHub <https://github.com>`_, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because ``PyAnsys`` projects are hosted in `GitHub <https://github.com>`_, the
```

`GitHub Actions <https://docs.github.com/en/actions>`_ framework is used.

 
Enabling GitHub Actions
-----------------------
By default, ``Actions`` are enabled in new repositories and can be accessed
using the associated :ref:`GitHub Repository Sections`.

> In case ``Actions`` are not enabled, you can enable those by changing ``Actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``Actions`` are not enabled, you can enable them by changing ``Actions
```

Permissions`` in ``Settings -> Actions -> General``.

Using GitHub Actions
--------------------

> Actions to be executed in the CI process must be decalred in a ``YML`` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Actions to be executed in the CI process must be declared in a ``YML`` and
```

stored in the ``.github/workflows/`` directory. Although each action is
different, they all have a common structure:

- A ``name`` identifying the action.

> - A collection of ``triggering events`` which run the action when required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A collection of ``triggering events`` that run the action when required.
```

- A collection of ``jobs`` with different steps to be followed during the CI process. 

.. code-block:: yaml

    name: <Name of the action>
    
    on:
      <Trigering events and conditions>

    jobs:
      <All jobs must be defined below this line>

Required Workflows
------------------
The following workflows are required for any ``PyAnsys`` project:

- :ref:`Coding Style` workflow.
- :ref:`Documentation Style`, :ref:`Building Documentation`, and `Deploying Documentation` Workflows.

> - :ref:`Testing` and :ref:`Testing Code Coverage` workflows.

Reviewer 3: Deploying Documentation does not have a ref?

Author: Good catch!

```suggestion
- :ref:`Coding Style` workflow.
- :ref:`Documentation Style`, :ref:`Building Documentation`, and :ref:`Deploying Documentation` Workflows.
- :ref:`Testing` and :ref:`Testing Code Coverage` workflows.
```

> - :ref:`Releasing and Publishing` workflow.

Reviewer: No periods if none of the bullet items is one or more complete sentences.

> - :ref:`Releasing and Publishing` workflow.

Author: Thanks for remembering this to me, @PipKat. I will pay more attention next time.

It is recommended that all these workflows are collected under a common
``ci.yml`` file. Visit :ref:`Workflow Examples` for a quick reference

Parametrizing Workflows
-----------------------

> It is convenient to test a ``PyAnsys`` library in different operating systems
> and Python versions. Notice that, this leads to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to test a ``PyAnsys`` library on different operating systems
using different Python versions. This leads to:
```

.. math::

    \text{Num. Workflows} = \text{Num. Operating Systems} \times \text{Num. Python Versions}

The most common operating systems are ``Windows``, ``macOS``, and ``Linux``. For

> Python version, visit :ref:`Supporting Python Versions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python versions, see :ref:`Supporting Python Versions`.
```

> Since having a ``YML`` file per workflow would be a tedious task, ``GitHub
> Actions`` provides the ``matrix`` parameter inside the ``strategy``, see `Using
> a Matrix for your Jobs
> <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because having a ``YML`` file for each workflow would be tedious, ``GitHub
Actions`` provides the ``matrix`` parameter inside the ``strategy``. For more
information, see `Using a Matrix for your Jobs
<https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs>`_.
```

.. tabs::

    .. tab:: Workflow File

        .. code-block:: yaml
        
            jobs:
              example_matrix:
                strategy:
                  matrix:
                    python: ['3.7', '3.8', '3.9', '3.10']
                    os: [windows-latest, macos-latest, ubuntu-latest]
                
                steps:
                  - echo 'Running Python ${{ matrix.python }} in ${{ matrix.os }}'

    .. tab:: Actions Log File

        .. code-block:: text

            Running Python 3.7 in windows-latest
            Running Python 3.8 in windows-latest
            Running Python 3.9 in windows-latest
            Running Python 3.10 in windows-latest
            Running Python 3.7 in macos-latest
            Running Python 3.8 in macos-latest
            Running Python 3.9 in macos-latest
            Running Python 3.10 in macos-latest
            Running Python 3.7 in ubuntu-latest
            Running Python 3.8 in ubuntu-latest
            Running Python 3.9 in ubuntu-latest
            Running Python 3.10 in ubuntu-latest

Workflow Examples
-----------------
Workflow examples are provided for checking :ref:`Coding Style`,

> :ref:`Documenting`, :ref:`Testing`, :ref:`Automating Release Process`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Documenting`, :ref:`Testing`, and :ref:`Automating Release Process`.
```
